So let's talk a little about the AVC more.
So if you remember I told you that when we want to the emotion to hide operability between the different
host we need to have the ABC enable it if we have some different version of the speech.
So that's part of this that is like that
more of.
Yes.
We got to do cluster OVC enable and disable from the cluster.
So we got on feek got them where OVC and we click it it's so hard.
It shows you that it is disable you trolls enable a VC for on the host then it show you all this different
I'm the supported for this Juanda generation 1 2 and 3.
One more of our missions the knowledge base number et cetera.
So it shows you that the compatibility is not compatible with this one because the heart does not always.
I am the CPA.
So if we chose enable a VC for Intel host it show you that is I 1 and 2 is supported for.
VC what and then.
But I three of you know that because we have a part on virtual machine.
So the host cannot be made to the cluster Quran's enhanced via motion compatibility so that we see meaning
in Hence in compatibility mode power on or respond the virtual machine on the host might be using C.P.R.
future he didn't buy that mode but when it took power of his mature machine to be able to use that of
the seat we discussed.
So when I power of these virtual machines of course in my situation I can't do it because this one has
one Saturday the central server so you need to enable this one for your host then you need is the center
set outside of the E6 I host of educed Gloucester
and it should a difference until a supporter of the Vita VC and when you chose to enable a VC for Intel
host and click on it it will enable the ABC model between the different ethics I host.
But I mean it is the comment part of the difference Tippee.
For example if I one have OCP with speed top want 3G go ahead.
This one is ours.
With speed trip want to go ahead.
So we try to use the common point between the different I host.
So in that case when we try to migrate a virtual machine powered on from this host for example here
is freek'n number and speed number of the Sibiu.
It will automatically fan the same frequent number and same speed of value in this house and the same
for this one.
So the virtual machine will be powered on and use the same the current speed or the common value of
the Sibiu between the different Isak's I host.
In that case it will work perfectly if you remember when we try to integrate a virtual machine in front
of it excited to excite it work.
But when we want to migrate to virtual machine from E6 I treat it as I do it give us a narrative because
there are no compatibility between two of the three things I took in that it broke why you do enabled
the VC mode.
But of course you should have the same brand.
If you see right here we have HD and Intel s.p.
So all the CPA we have Ahmed Chalabi tend to be Avatar is of VC mode and if you use Dwight D Ru you
host should use.
I am the CPA.
So you see right there of course we neutralize any of the obviously it's work here.
You see if I am the between the generation 1 and 2 and 3 thats mean you should have the generation 1
2 and 3 to be used obviously more between them if you have for example a generation for it were not
going to work between Generation 4 and Generation 3.
So for that you need to chose generation three to work between Generation 2 and 3 with some other information.
Then for the generation 4 it will support a new generation for the daily driver and deuse steamroller.
So you can check the designs one by one to know which one that you can use in your environments do the
same for Mehram and Del byname no Harlene with Mayor Sandy Bridge and even bridge and so on and of course
in our house does not support the bridge only.
I treat that stewpot see how superior to what is not supported the cluster called in has a could possibly
than one the host luck future rock y right.
Thats more because I want and Isak's I to exist in an old laptop that have our ear 5st Sibiu from the
other generation do it.
I number three exist in this laptop that I use right now that have an ear five if you generation so
it is supported by everybody.
So thats me in my situation I can't nobbled you see between this laptop the city of this laptop and
the other laptop because there are a different version.
It's only supposed to do the same one like this wants to do all the swanned is not supported can't be
other middle class we and forward on the end how the Warshel support the cluster current in has risen.
But some of the C-p in the superficial are missing from the host chicken the host News Corp to ensure
that you have the option sashed DVT.
Yes it's at.
So this is true of AVC in need to enable AIDS if you have some small difference between the different
hosts.
We have a policy fusion engine one and an in any two in a mode of speed.
You need to enable this one of course you need to power off all your E6.
Are you a virtual machine to be able to do with not every virtual machine but some of them some of that
you will get is unique to part of the virtual machine.
I mean you need to reboot the virtual machine to get to do new stitching of the c.p.
So this is the idea of VC of course in my example we can't use it because we have the virtual machines
that have the center server about it.
It excites me and it is impossible to do it in this lup.
So this is the idea of a PC.
And next we'll try to conclude discours Mike over in the last information that you need to complete
your experience knowledge.
So the next section.